[Docs] Clarify search pattern (#3949)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/text-input/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### Search

> Use a standalone search input when users are querying a broad dataset without immediate filtering needs, e.g., in the App Header.

Reviewer: There's something that is throwing me off with this sentence; specifically around "immediate filtering needs" because I kind of view search in most capacities as a type of filter. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Use a standalone search input when users are querying a broad dataset without fine-grained filtering needs, e.g., in the App Header.
```

Author: I made some updates to further clarify things. Can you have another pass through, please?
